That's it for this refresher module.
Obviously, this is no complete JavaScript module.
There are way more features which it didn't touch on, and the reason for that is simple.
I do require very basic JavaScript knowledge, at least if you got none.
Check out the resources are linked in the second lecture of this module.
These resources allow you to dive into JavaScript for free or with paid courses, whatever you want.
And with that, plus this refresher about next gen JavaScript items or features as well, you are more
than prepared to continue with the course and now understand the code we will write throughout the course.
I hope this was helpful.
Let's now dive into Node.js and write exciting applications.